Adding AKO (Avi Kubernetes Operator) to the list of ingress controllers (#24959)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers.md

  controller with [community](https://www.getambassador.io/docs) or 
  [commercial](https://www.getambassador.io/pro/) support from [Datawire](https://www.datawire.io/).
* [AppsCode Inc.](https://appscode.com) offers support and maintenance for the most widely used [HAProxy](https://www.haproxy.org/) based ingress controller [Voyager](https://appscode.com/products/voyager). 

> * [Avi Kubernetes Operator](https://github.com/vmware/load-balancer-and-ingress-services-for-kubernetes) provides L4-L7 load-balancing using [VMware NSX Advanced Loadbalancer](https://avinetworks.com/).

Reviewer: based on searching the web and looking at the top matches, I recommend:
```suggestion
* [Avi Kubernetes Operator](https://github.com/vmware/load-balancer-and-ingress-services-for-kubernetes) provides L4-L7 load-balancing using [VMware NSX Advanced Load Balancer](https://www.vmware.com/products/nsx-advanced-load-balancer.html).
```
or
```suggestion
* [Avi Kubernetes Operator](https://github.com/vmware/load-balancer-and-ingress-services-for-kubernetes) provides L4-L7 load-balancing using [VMware NSX Advanced Load Balancer](https://info.avinetworks.com/hubfs/Avi_Website_Resource_Center/avi-vantage-platform-data-sheet.pdf).
```
